If I were asked to write something like this,
I might say phishing campaigns remain one of the most highly used techniques by
bad actors seeking to gain unauthorized access to our organization and its assets.
As a reminder, phishing attempts occur when a bad actor sends e-mail messages,
attempting to trick users into clicking on a malicious link,
or provide personal information like corporate credentials in a web form.
More often than not,
these e-mails are made to appear as if they are coming from well-known organizations,
companies, or organizations that we work with.
It's important to scrutinize every e-mail.
Often, phishing e-mails have spelling errors,
look slightly different in appearance,
or originate from some unexpected source.
But sometimes, phishing e-mails look perfectly harmless.
So you should also scrutinize what the e-mail is asking you to do.
Does it seem out of the ordinary?
Is it something that you wouldn't ordinarily do outside of work,
like send money to someone unexpectedly?
If you receive a phishing e-mail or you just aren't sure,
contact the Information Security Department
at information security at your domain name.com.